How To Turn Off Windows 10 Updates Permanently.


This tutorial contains detailed instructions to turn off
Windows 10 updates permanently. As you may already know,
in Windows 10 you cannot prevent the Updates download and installation,
by disabling the Windows Update service, because Windows 10 overrides
this setting and forces the service to start and install the updates.


To permanently prevent Windows 10 to install updates, use one of the
following methods:

Method 1. Rename the Windows Update Service file.

Method 2. Disable all Windows Update Services & Tasks.

Method 3. Block Updates by using a program.



Method 1. Rename the Windows Update Service file.
The first method to disable the Automatic Update in Windows 10, is to
rename to Windows Update Service file "wuaueng.dll". To do that:

1. Open Windows Explorer and go to "C:\Windows\System32\".
2. Locate the wuaueng.dll file, right click on it and choose Properties.
3. Select the Security tab and then click Advanced.
4. Click Change Owner.
5. Type your account name and click OK.
6. Then, click Apply and OK at 'Windows Security' information message.
7. Now, click OK two (2) to close the Properties window.
8. Then re-re-open the properties of the wuaueng.dll file and go again
   to Security tab > Advanced.
9. Select the Administrators entry and click Edit.
10. Check the Full Control checkbox and click OK twice.
11. Click Yes as 'Windows Security' warning and then click OK.
12. Now, rename the wuaueng.dll file to wuaueng.dll.BAK
13. Click Continue at 'File Access Denied' message and then click Yes.
14. Restart your machine.
15. From now on, you 'll receive the following message in
Windows Update: "There were problems installing some updates, but we'll
try again later. If you keep seeing this and want to search the web or
contact support for information, this may help: Error 0x80080005" *

* Note: To re-enable updates, just delete the ".BAK" extension from
the "wuaueng.dll.BAK" file.



Method 2. Disable all Windows Update Services and Tasks.
The second method to prevent Windows 10 automatic update, is more
complicated because you have modify the Windows Update service's
properties and to change several settings in Registry and
in the Task Scheduler. But if you want to try that method,
follow the steps below:

Step 1. Disable the Windows Update Service.

1. Simultaneously press the Windows  + R keys to open run command box.
2. In run command box, type: services.msc and press Enter.
3. Right click on Windows Update service and select Properties.
4. At General tab:

   1. Press Stop to stop the Windows Update Service.
   2. Set the Startup type to Disabled.

5. Then select the Log On tab.
6. Select This Account and then click Browse.
7. Type your account name and then click Check Names.
8. Then click OK.
9. Now type a wrong password (twice), and click Apply.
10. Then select the Recovery tab and set the computer's response if the
service fails to Take No Action. Then, click OK to close the
Windows Update Properties.
12. Proceed to step-2 below.

Step 2. Disable the Windows Update Medic & the Update Orchestrator
Services through Registry. Proceed and disable the following two (2)
Update services using registry:

Windows Update Medic Service (WaaSMedicSvc)
Update Orchestrator Service (UsoSvc)

1. Simultaneously press the Windows  + R keys to open run command box.
2. Type regedit and press Enter.
3. At the left pane, navigate to this key:

HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\UsoSvc

4. At the right pane double-click at Start value
5. Set the value data (from "3") to 4 and click OK.
6. Then at the left pane, navigate to this key:

HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\WaaSMedicSvc

7. At the right pane double-click at Start value
8. Type 4 at Value data box and click OK.
9. From now on, you will receive the following error message whenever
you try to download or install updates: "There were some problems
installing updates,but we'll try again later. (0x80070437) or, you'll
see a blank window (without any options) when going to Settings >
Update & Security > Windows Update.
10. Proceed to step-3 below.

Step 3. Disable Windows Update Tasks.

1. Open Task Scheduler. To do that open Cortana search and type task.
Then click to open Task Scheduler.
2. In Task Scheduler (left pane), navigate to the following location:
Task Scheduler Library -> Microsoft -> Windows -> Windows Update.
3. Right click at Scheduled Start and click Disable.
4. Then right click at sih and click Disable again.
5. Close Task Scheduler.
6. You 're done! *

* Note: If you change your decision and you want to install the
available Windows updates in the future, then just undo the above
changes and then reboot your computer.



Method 3. Block Updates in Windows 10 by using a program.
The easiest way to block Windows 10 updates, is to use
one the following third-party programs.

Windows Update Blocker
StopWinUpdates


Part 2. How to Stop Updates in Windows 10 Pro, Enterprise or
Education version(s).

If you own Windows 10 Professional, Enterprise or Education version,
then you can prevent Windows to download and install updates, from Group
Policy Editor. To do that:

1. Simultaneously press the Windows  + R keys to open
the run command box.
2. Type gpedit.msc & Press Enter.
4. In Group Policy Editor navigate to the following path:
Computer Configuration\Administrative Templates\Windows Components\
Windows Update.
5. At the right pane, open the Specify Intranet Microsoft update service
location policy.
6. Click Enabled and then type "http:\\neverupdatewindows10.com" at
the 2 fields below ("intranet update service address" &
"intranet statistics server") and click OK.
7. Restart your computer.

From now on, you 'll receive the following message in Windows Update:
"We couldn't connect to the update service. We'll try again later, or
you can check now. If it still doesn't work, make sure you're connected
to the Internet." *

* Note: To re-enable updates, just set the "Specify Intranet Microsoft
update service location' policy to "Not Configured" .


Part 3. How to Temporarily Pause Updates in Windows 10 Professional,
Enterprise or Education version(s).
If you have problems when installing updates in Windows 10 Pro,
Enterprise or Education version(s), then you can temporarily pause the
Update(s) installation for 35 days. To do that:

1. Go to Settings -> Update & Security -> Windows Update ->
Advanced options –> and set the Pause Updates* option to ON.



* Note: This option is only available in Windows 10 Version 1709 and
later. In previous Windows 10 versions, check the "Defer feature
Updates" (or "Defer Upgrades") option to prevent Windows 10 to download
and install new updates.


That's it! Which method worked for you?
Let me know if this guide has helped you by leaving your comment about
your experience. Please like and share this guide to help others..
