Kevin Mitnick - The Missing Chapter from The Art of Deception

>>> When famed hacker Kevin Mitnick wrote his book on computer security,
The Art of Deception (John Wiley & Sons, 2002), the first chapter was
autobiographical in nature. It was included in the advance galleys that
were sent to reviewers, but when the book itself came out, that chapter
was not included.

Someone posted it to Usenet, and "Kevin's Story" has spread from there.
Mitnick has confirmed to Wired News that this is the lost first chapter.


Kevin's Story

I was reluctant to write this section because I was sure it would sound self-serving.
Well, okay, it is self-serving.But I've been contacted by literally hundreds of
people who want to know "who is Kevin Mitnick?". For those who don't give a damn,
please turn to Chapter 2. For everybody else, here, for what it's worth, is my story.


Kevin Speaks

Some hackers destroy people's files or entire bard drives; they're called crackers
or vandals. Some novice hackers don't bother learning the technology, but simply
download hacker tools to break into computer systems; they're called script kiddies.
More experienced hackers with programming skills develop hacker programs and post
them to the Web and to bulletin board systems. And then there are individuals who
have no interest in the technology, but use the computer merely as a tool to aid
them in stealing money, goods, or services. Despite the media-created myth of
Kevin Mitnick, I'm not a malicious hacker. What I did wasn't even against the
law when I began, but became a crime after new legislation was passed. I continued
anyway, and was caught. My treatment by the federal government was based not on the
crimes, but on making an example of me. I did not deserve to be treated like a
terrorist or violent criminal: Having my residence searched with a blank search
warrant; being thrown into solitary for months; denied the fundamental Constitutional
rights guaranteed to anyone accused of a crime; being denied not only bail but a bail
hearing; and being forced to spend years fighting to obtain the government's evidence
so my court appointed attorney could prepare my defense.

What about my right to a speedy trial? For years I was given a choice every six months:
sign a paper waiving your Constitutional right to a speedy trial or go to trial with an
attorney who is unprepared; I chose to sign. But I'm getting ahead of my story.
Starting Out my path was probably set early in life. I was a happy-go-lucky kid, but bored.
After my father split when I was three, my mother worked as a waitress to support us.
To see me then an only child being raised by a mother who put in long, harried days
on a sometimes-erratic schedule would have been to see a youngster on his own almost
all his waking hours. I was my own babysitter. Growing up in a San Fernando Valley
community gave me the whole of Los Angeles to explore, and by the age of twelve I
had discovered a way to travel free throughout the whole greater L.A. area. I realized
one day while riding the bus that the security of the bus transfer I had purchased
relied on the unusual pattern of the paper-punch that the drivers used to mark day,
time and route on the transfer slips. A friendly driver, answering my carefully-planted
question, told me where to buy that special type of punch. The transfers are meant to
let you change buses and continue a journey to your destination, but I worked out how
to use them to travel anywhere I wanted to go for free. Obtaining blank transfers was
a walk in the park: the trash bins at the bus terminals were always filled with
only-partly-used books of transfers that the drivers tossed away at the end of their shifts.
With a pad of blanks and the punch, I could mark my own transfers and travel anywhere that
L.A. buses went. Before long, I had all but memorized the bus schedules of the entire system.
This was an early example of my surprising memory for certain types of information; still,
today I can remember phone numbers, passwords and other items as far back as my childhood.
Another personal interest that surfaced at an early age was my fascination with performing
magic. Once I learned how a new trick worked, I would practice, practice, and practice
until I mastered it. To an extent, it was through magic that I discovered the enjoyment
in fooling people. From Phone Phreak, to Hacker my first encounter with what I would
eventually learn to call social engineering came about during my high school years,
when I met another student who was caught up in a hobby called phone phreaking.
Phone phreaking is a type of hacking that allows you to explore the telephone network
by exploiting the phone systems and phone company employees. He showed me neat tricks
he could do with a telephone, like obtaining any information the phone company had on
any customer, and using a secret test number to make long-distances calls for free
actually free only to us--I found out much later that it wasn't a secret test number at all:
the calls were in fact being billed to some poor company's MCI account).
That was my introduction to social engineering-my kindergarten, so to speak.
He and another phone phreaker I met shortly thereafter let me listen in as they each made
pretext calls to the phone company. I heard the things they said that made them sound
believable, I learned about different phone company offices, lingo and procedures.
But that "training" didn't last long; it didn't have to. Soon I was doing it all on my own,
learning as I went, doing it even better than those first teachers. The course my
life would follow for the next fifteen years had been set.

One of my all-time favorite pranks was gaining unauthorized access to the telephone
switch and changing the class of service of a fellow phone phreak. When he'd attempt
to make a call from home, he'd get a message telling him to deposit a dime, because
the telephone company switch received input that indicated he was calling from a pay phone.

I became absorbed in everything about telephones-not only the electronics, switches,
and computers; but also the corporate organization, the procedures, and the terminology.
After a while, I probably knew more about the phone system than any single employee.

And, I had developed my social engineering skills to the point that, at seventeen years old,
I was able to talk most Telco employees into almost anything, whether I was speaking with
them in person or by telephone. My hacking career started when I was in high school.
Back then we used the term hacker to mean a person who spent a great deal of time
tinkering with hardware and software, either to develop more efficient programs
or to bypass unnecessary steps and get the job done more quickly.
The term has now become a pejorative, carrying the meaning of "malicious criminal."
In these pages I use the term the way I have always used it in its earlier, more benign sense.
In late 1979, a group of fellow hacker types who worked for the Los Angeles Unified School
District dared me to try hacking into The Ark, the computer system at Digital Equipment
Corporation used for developing their RSTS/E operating system software. I wanted to be
accepted by the guys in this hacker group so I could pick their brains to learn more about
operating systems. These new "friends" had managed to get their hands on the dial-up number
to the DEC computer system. But they knew the dial-up number wouldn't do me any good:
Without an account name and password, I'd never be able to get in. They were about to find
out that when you underestimate others, it can come back to bite you in the butt.
It turned out that, for me, even at that young age, hacking into the DEC system was a pushover.
Claiming to be Anton Chernoff, one of the project's lead developers, I placed a simple
phone call to the system manager. I claimed I couldn't log into one of "my" accounts,
and was convincing enough to talk the guy into giving me accessing and allowing me to
select a password of my choice. As an extra level of protection, whenever anyone dialed
into the development system, the user also had to provide a dial-up password.
The system administrator told me the password. It was "buffoon," which I guess described what
he must have felt like later on, when lie found out what had happened.
In less than five minutes, I had gained access to Digital's RSTE/E development system.
And I wasn't logged on as just as an ordinary user, but as someone with all the
privileges of a system developer. At first my new, so-called friends refused to
believe I had gained access to The Ark. One of them dialed up the system and
shoved the keyboard in front of me with a challenging look on his face.
His mouth dropped open as I matter-of-factly logged into a privileged account.
I found out later that they went off to another location and, the same day, started
downloading source-code components of the DEC operating system. And then it was my
turn to be floored. After they had downloaded all the software they wanted, they
called the corporate security department at DEC and told them someone had hacked
into the company's corporate network. And they gave my name.
My so-called friends first used my access to copy highly sensitive source code,
and then turned me in.

There was a lesson here, but not one I managed to learn easily. Through the years to come,
I would repeatedly get into trouble because I trusted people who I thought were my friends.
After high school I studied computers at the Computer Learning Center in Los Angeles.

Within a few months, the school's computer manager realized I had found a vulnerability
in the operating system and gained full administrative privileges on their IBM minicomputer.
The best computer experts on their teaching staff couldn't figure out how I had done this.
In what may have been one of the earliest examples of "hire the hacker," I was given an
offer I couldn't refuse: Do an honors project to enhance the school's computer security,
or face suspension for hacking the system. Of course I chose to do the honors project,
and ended up graduating Cum Laude with Honors. Becoming a Social Engineer some people
get out of bed each morning dreading their daily work routine at the proverbial salt mines.
I've been lucky enough to enjoy my work. In particular you can't imagine the challenge,
reward, and pleasure I had in the time I spent as a private investigator. I was honing
my talents in the performance art called social engineering-getting people to do things
they wouldn't ordinarily do for a stranger-and being paid for it. For me it wasn't difficult
becoming proficient in social engineering. My father's side of the family had been in the
sales field for generations, so the art of influence and persuasion might have been an
inherited trait. When you combine an inclination for deceiving people with the talents
of influence and persuasion you arrive at the profile of a social engineer.
You might say there are two specialties within the job classification of con artist.
Somebody who swindles and cheats people out of their money belongs to one sub-specialty,
the grifter. Somebody who uses deception, influence, and persuasion against businesses,
usually targeting their information, belongs to the other sub-specialty, the social engineer.
From the time of my bus transfer trick, when I was too young to know there was anything wrong
with what I was doing, I had begun to recognize a talent for finding out the secrets I wasn't
supposed to have. I built on that talent by using deception, knowing the lingo, and developing
a well-honed skill of manipulation.

One way I used to work on developing the skills in my craft (if I may call it a craft) was
to pick out some piece of information I didn't really care about and see if I could talk
somebody on the other end of the phone into providing it, just to improve my talents.
In the same way I used to practice my magic tricks, I practiced pretexting.
Through these rehearsals, I soon found I could acquire virtually any information I targeted.
In Congressional testimony before Senators Lieberman and Thompson years later,
I told them, "I have gained unauthorized access to computer systems at some of
the largest corporations on the planet, and have successfully penetrated some of
the most resilient computer systems ever developed. I have used both technical
and non-technical means to obtain the source code to various operating systems
and telecommunications devices to study their vulnerabilities and their inner workings."
All of this was really to satisfy my own curiosity, see what I could do, and find out secret
information about operating systems, cell phones, and anything else that stirred my
curiosity. The train of events that would change my life started when I became
the subject of a July 4th, 1994 front-page, above-the-fold story in the New York Times.
Overnight, that one story turned my image from a little known nuisance of a hacker into
Public Enemy Number One of cyberspace.


John Markoff, the Media's grifter

"Combining technical wizardry with the ages-old guile of a grifter, Kevin Mitnick is
a computer programmer run amok." (The New York Times, 7/4/94.) Combining the ages-old
desire to attain undeserved fortune with the power to publish false and defamatory
stories about his subjects on the front page of the New York Times, John Markoff was
truly a technology reporter run amok. Markoff was to earn himself over $1 million by
single-handedly creating what I label "The Myth of Kevin Mitnick." He became very wealthy
through the very same technique I used to compromise computer systems and
networks around the world: deception. In this case however, the victim of the deception
wasn't a single computer user or system administrator, it was every person who trusted
the news stories published in the pages of the New York Times.


Cyberspace's Most Wanted

Markoff's Times article was clearly designed to land a contract for a book about my life story.
I've never met Markoff, and yet he has literally become a millionaire through his libelous and
defamatory "reporting" about me in the Times and in his 1991 book, Cyberpunk. In his article,
he included some dozens of allegations about me that he stated as fact without
citing his sources, and that even a minimal process of fact-checking
(which I thought all first-rate newspapers required their reporters to do)
would have revealed as being untrue or unproven. In that single false and
defamatory article, Markoff labeled me as "cyberspace's most wanted," and
as "one of the nation's most wanted computer criminals," without justification,
reason, or supporting evidence, using no more discretion than a writer for a
supermarket tabloid. In his slanderous article, Markoff falsely claimed that I had wiretapped
the FBI (I hadn't); that I had broken into the computers at NORAD (which aren't even connected
to any network on the outside); and that I was a computer "vandal," despite the fact that I had
never intentionally damaged any computer I ever accessed. These, among other outrageous
allegations, were completely false and designed to create a sense of fear about my
capabilities. In yet another breach of journalistic ethics, Markoff failed to disclose
in that article and in all of his subsequent articles-a pre-existing relationship with me,
a personal animosity based on my having refused to participate in the book Cyberpunk In addition,
I had cost him a bundle of potential revenue by refusing to renew an option for a movie
based on the book. Markoff's article was also clearly designed to taunt America's
law enforcement agencies.

"...Law enforcement," Markoff wrote, "cannot seem to catch up with him...." The article
was deliberately framed to cast me as cyberspace's Public Enemy Number One in order to
influence the Department of Justice to elevate the priority of my case. A few months later,
Markoff and his cohort Tsutomu Shimomura would both participate as de facto government agents
in my arrest, in violation of both federal law and journalistic ethics. Both would be nearby
when three blank warrants were used in an illegal search of my residence, and be present at
my arrest. And, during their investigation of my activities, the two would also violate
federal law by intercepting a personal telephone call of mine. While making me out to be
a villain, Markoff, in a subsequent article, set up Shimomura as the number one hero of
cyberspace. Again he was violating journalistic ethics by not disclosing a preexisting
relationship: this hero in fact had been a personal friend of Markoff's for years.
My first encounter with Markoff had come in the late eighties when he and his wife
Katie Hafner contacted me while they were in the process of writing Cyberpunk,
which was to be the story of three hackers: a German kid known as Pengo, Robert Morris,
and myself.

What would my compensation be for participating? Nothing. I couldn't see the point of
giving them my story if they would profit from it and I wouldn't, so I refused to help.
Markoff gave me an ultimatum: either interview with us or anything we hear from any
source will be accepted as the truth. He was clearly frustrated and annoyed that I
would not cooperate, and was letting me know he had the means to make me regret it.
I chose to stand my ground and would not cooperate despite his pressure tactics.
When published, the book portrayed me as "The Darkside Hacker." I concluded that
the authors had intentionally included unsupported, false statements in order to
get back at me for not cooperating with them. By making my character appear more
sinister and casting me in a false light, they probably increased the sales of the
book. A movie producer phoned with great news: Hollywood was interested in making
a movie about the Darkside Hacker depicted in Cyberpunk. I pointed out that the
story was full of inaccuracies and untruths about me, but he was still very excited
about the project. I accepted $5,000 for a two-year option, against an additional
$45,000 if they were able to get a production deal and move forward.
When the option expired, the production company asked for a six month extension.
By this time I was gainfully employed, and so had little motivation for seeing
a movie produced that showed me in such an unfavorable and false light.
I refused to go along with the extension. That killed the movie deal for everyone,
including Markoff, who had probably expected to make a great deal of money from
the project. Here was one more reason for John Markoff to be vindictive towards
me. Around the time Cyberpunk was published, Markoff had ongoing email
correspondence with his friend Shimomura. Both of them were strangely interested
in my whereabouts and what I was doing. Surprisingly, one e-mail message
contained intelligence that they had learned I was attending the University
of Nevada, Las Vegas, and had use of the student computer lab. Could it be
that Markoff and Shimomura were interested in doing another book about me?
Otherwise, why would they care what I was up to? Markoff in Pursuit Take a
step back to late 1992. I was nearing the end of my supervised release for
compromising Digital Equipment Corporation's corporate network. Meanwhile I
became aware that the government was trying to put together another case
against me, this one for conducting counter-intelligence to find out why
wiretaps had been placed on the phone lines of a Los Angeles P.II firm.
In my digging, I confirmed my suspicion: the Pacific Bell security people
were indeed investigating the firm. So was a computer-crime deputy from
the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department. (That deputy turns out to be,
co-incidentally, the twin brother of my co-author on this book. Small world.)

About this time, the Feds set up a criminal informant and sent him out to entrap me.
They knew I always tried to keep tabs on any agency investigating me. So they had
this informant befriend me and tip me off that I was being monitored. He also shared
with me the details of a computer system used at Pacific Bell that would let me do
counter-surveillance of their monitoring. When I discovered his plot, I quickly
turned the tables on him and exposed him for credit-card fraud he was conducting
while working for the government in an informant capacity.

I'm sure the Feds appreciated that! My life changed on Independence Day,
1994 when my pager woke me early in the morning. The caller said I should
immediately pick up a copy of the New York Times. I couldn't believe it
when I saw that Markoff had not only written an article about me, but the
Times had placed it on the front page. The first thought that came to mind
was for my personal safety-now the government would be substantially
increasing their efforts to find me. I was relieved that in an effort
to demonize me, the Times had used a very unbecoming picture. I wasn't
fearful of being recognized they had chosen a picture so out of date that
it didn't look anything like me! As I began to read the article,
I realized that Markoff was setting himself up to write the Kevin Mitnick book,
just as he had always wanted. I simply could not believe the New York Times would
risk printing the egregiously false statements that he had written about me.
I felt helpless. Even if I had been in a position to respond, I certainly would
not have an audience equal to the New York Times s to rebut Markoff's outrageous
lies. While I can agree I had been a pain in the ass, I had never destroyed
information, nor used or disclosed to others any information I had obtained.
Actual losses by companies from my hacking activities amounted to the cost of
phone calls I had made at phone-company expense, the money spent by companies
to plug the security vulnerabilities that my attacks had revealed, and in a
few instances possibly causing companies to reinstall their operating systems
and applications for fear I might have modified software in a way that would
allow me future access. Those companies would have remained vulnerable to far
worse damage if my activities hadn't made them aware of the weak links in their
security chain. Though I had caused some losses, my actions and intent were not
malicious ... and then John Markoff changed the world's perception of the danger
I represented. The power of one unethical reporter from such an influential
newspaper to write a false and defamatory story about anyone should haunt
each and every one of us. The next target might be you.

After my arrest I was transported to the County Jail in Smithfield,
North Carolina, where the U.S. Marshals Service ordered jailers to
place me into `the hole'-solitary confinement. Within a week, federal
prosecutors and my attorney reached an agreement that I couldn't refuse.
I could be moved out of solitary on the condition that I waived my
fundamental rights and agreed to: a) no bail hearing; b) no preliminary
hearing; and, c) no phone calls, except to my attorney and two family
members. Sign, and I could get out of solitary. I signed.

The federal prosecutors in the case played every dirty trick in the
book up until I was released nearly five years later. I was repeatedly
forced to waive my rights in order to be treated like any other accused.
But this was the Kevin Mitnick case: There were no rules. No requirement
to respect the Constitutional rights of the accused. My case was not about
justice, but about the government's determination to win at all costs.
The prosecutors had made vastly overblown claims to the court about the
damage I had caused and the threat I represented, and the media had gone
to town quoting the sensationalist statements; now it was too late for
the prosecutors to back down. The government could not afford to lose
the Mitnick case. The world was watching.

I believe that the courts bought into the fear generated by media coverage,
since many of the more ethical journalists had picked up the "facts" from
the esteemed New York Times and repeated them. The media-generated myth
apparently even scared law enforcement officials. A confidential document
obtained by my attorney showed that the U.S. Marshals Service had issued
a warning to all law enforcement agents never to reveal any personal
information to me; otherwise, they might find their lives electronically
destroyed. Our Constitution requires that the accused be presumed innocent
before trial, thus granting all citizens the right to a bail hearing, where
the accused has the opportunity to be represented by counsel, present evidence,
and cross-examine witnesses. Unbelievably, the government had been able to
circumvent these protections based on the false hysteria generated by
irresponsible reporters like John Markoff. Without precedent, I was held as
a pre-trial detainee-a person in custody pending trial or sentencing-for
over four and a half years. The judge's refusal to grant me a bail hearing
was litigated all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court. In the end, my defense
team advised me that I had set another precedent: I was the only federal
detainee in U.S. history denied a bail hearing. This meant the government
never had to meet the burden of proving that there were no conditions of
release that would reasonably assure my appearance in court. At least in
this case, federal prosecutors did not dare to allege that I could start
a nuclear war by whistling into a payphone, as other federal prosecutors
had done in an earlier case. The most serious charges against me were that
I had copied proprietary source code for various cellular phone handsets
and popular operating systems. Yet the prosecutors alleged publicly and
to the court that I had caused collective losses exceeding $300 million
to several companies. The details of the loss amounts are still under
seal with the court, supposedly to protect the companies involved; my
defense team, though, believes the prosecution's request to seal the
information was initiated to cover up their gross malfeasance in my
case. It's also worth noting that none of the victims in my case had
reported any losses to the Securities and Exchange Commission as
required by law. Either several multinational companies violated
Federal law-in the process deceiving the SEC, stockholders, and
analysts--or the losses attributable to my hacking were, in fact,
too trivial to be reported. In his book he Fugitive Game, Jonathan
Li wan reports that within a week of the New York Times front-page
story, Markoff's agent had "brokered a package deal" with the publisher
Walt Disney Hyperion for a book about the campaign to track me down.
The advance was to be an estimated $750,000. According to Littman,
there was to be a Hollywood movie, as well, with Miramax handing
over $200,000 for the option and "a total $650,000 to be paid upon
commencement of filming." A confidential source has recently informed
me that Markoff's deal was in fact much more than Littman had originally
thought. So John Markoff got a million dollars, more or less, and I got
five years. One book that examines the legal aspects of my case was
written by a man who had himself been a prosecutor in the Los Angeles
District Attorney's office, a colleague of the attorneys who prosecuted
me. In his book Spectacular Computer Crimes, Buck Bloombecker wrote,
"It grieves me to have to write about my former colleagues in less than
flattering terms.... I'm haunted by Assistant United States Attorney
James Asperger's admission that much of the argument used to keep
Mitnick behind bars was based on rumors which didn't pan out."
He goes on to say, "It was bad enough that the charges prosecutors
made in court were spread to millions of readers by newspapers
around the country. But it is much worse that these untrue allegations
were a large part of the basis for keeping Mitnick behind bars without
the possibility of posting bail?" He continues at some length, writing
about the ethical standards that prosecutors should live by, and then
writes, "Mitnick's case suggests that the false allegations used to keep
him in custody also prejudiced the court's consideration of a fair sentence."
In his 1999 Forbes article, Adam L. Penenberg eloquently described my
situation this way: "Mitnick's crimes were curiously innocuous. He broke
into corporate computers, but no evidence indicates that he destroyed data.
Or sold anything he copied. Yes, he pilfered software but in doing so left
it behind." The article said that my crime was "To thumb his nose at the
costly computer security systems employed by large corporations." And in
the book The Fugitive Game, author Jonathan Littman noted, "Greed the
government could understand. But a hacker who wielded power for its own
sake ... was something they couldn't grasp." Elsewhere in the same book,
Littman wrote: U.S. Attorney James Sanders admitted to Judge Pfaelzer that
Mitnick's damage to DEC was not the $4 million that had made the headlines
but $160,000. Even that amount was not damage done by Mitnick, but the rough
cost of tracing the security weakness that his incursions had brought to
DEC's attention. The government acknowledged it had no evidence of the
wild claims that had helped hold Mitnick without bail and in solitary
confinement. No proof Mitnick had ever compromised the security of the
NSA. No proof that Mitnick had ever issued a false press release for
Security Pacific Bank. No proof that Mitnick ever changed the TRW
credit report of a judge. But the judge, perhaps influenced by the
terrifying media coverage, rejected the plea bargain and sentenced
Mitnick to a longer term then even the government wanted. Throughout
the years spent as a hacker hobbyist, I've gained unwanted notoriety,
been written up in numerous news reports and magazine articles, and
had four books written about me. Markoff and Shimomura's libelous
book was made into a feature film called Takedown. When the script
found its way onto the Internet, many of my supporters picketed
Miramax Films to call public attention to the inaccurate and false
characterization of me. Without the help of many kind and generous
people, the motion picture would surely have falsely portrayed me
as the Hannibal Lector of cyberspace. Pressured by my supporters,
the production company agreed to settle the case on confidential
terms to avoid me filing a libel action against them.


Final Thoughts

Despite John Markoff's outrageous and libelous descriptions of me,
my crimes were simple crimes of computer trespass and making free telephone calls.
I've acknowledged since my arrest that the actions I took were illegal, and that
I committed invasions of privacy. But to suggest, without justification, reason,
or proof, as did the Markoff articles, that I had deprived others of their money
or property by computer or wire fraud, is simply untrue, and unsupported by the
evidence. My misdeeds were motivated by curiosity: I wanted to know as much as
I could about how phone networks worked, and the ins and outs of computer security.
I went from being a kid who loved to perform magic tricks to becoming the world's
most notorious hacker, feared by corporations and the government. As I reflect back
on my life for the last thirty years, I admit I made some extremely poor decisions,
driven by my curiosity, the desire to learn about technology, and a good intellectual
challenge. I'm a changed person now. I'm turning my talents and the extensive knowledge
I've gathered about information security and social engineering tactics to helping
government, businesses and individuals prevent, detect, and respond to information
security threats. This book is one more way that I can use my experience to help
others avoid the efforts of the malicious information thieves of the world.
I think you will find the stories enjoyable, eye-opening and educational.

--Kevin Mitnick