Carding - Cashout Guide 2019
 
 
Introduction
 
First you need to understand that in this game you chose, there are NO GUARENTEES and NO 100% succesrate. This guide im doing is not going to allow you to succeed every single time. There are too many reasons for cards declining, some of them unknown to me, you and even pro carders! What this will do is increase your success rate if you do whatever you can to hit! But understand that you will still fail. Id say I hit around 50% of the time... AND the professionals maybe around 70% - 80%. You have to accept sometimes that you wasted money on tools, cards and whatever else you bought, but then just get over it and try again!!!
 
There are vital steps in carding which is being overlooked most of the time and causes the majority of people to fail! Lets look at the known factors which plays a role or in other words, the factors that the gateway merchant / processor look at. Some merchants are less secure and less full of shit than other and those merchants are the ones commonly referred too as "cardable sites". It means that out of the 23 factors which they can monitor, they opted to go for much less... Maybe they just checking 3 or 4 whereas other processors like PayPal, will check almost all. Lets look at the 23 factors listed below:
                 -       System Clock
                 -       Time Zone
                 -       Operating System
                 -       Operating System Username
                 -       Browser Fingerprints
                 -       Cookies
                 -       Caches
                 -       I.P
                 -       Using a Proxy
                 -       Unusual or large Transactions
                 -       Location
                 -       User-Agent
                 -       HTTP_Headers
                 -       Browser Plugins
                 -       Screen Size and zoom
                 -       System Fonts (Times New Roma, Tahoma)
                 -       Names / DOB/ SSN/ ADDRESS
                 -       Copy & Paste Credentials
                 -       Residential/data-cantre/spam RDP/socks
                 -       Card Tagging
                 -       Connection Speed (Due To Proxies)
                 -       Email Domain authenticity and age (.edu is the best)
                 -       Shipping Address / Billing Address
 
I think that to be fair, ID say the only things which most processors check are:
                       -       Location
                       -       I.P (Blacklisted or not)
                       -       Using a Proxy (Yes/No)
                       -       Names / DOB/ SSN/ ADDRESS (Check if corressponds)
                       -       User-Agent / Headers (Checking if it matches with previous logins)
                       -       Cookies& Cache (Checking if it matches with previous logins)
 
Levels of carding - Our target
 
Now we know what the processors are monitoring in order to prevent fraud. We will look at what we have to do.
 
Keep in mind that certain sites, amounts, items and areas are much harder to card than others. IE: Its very easy to order take away food for $100, then again it is almost impossible to card a $100 iTunes/Amazon eGiftcard. This is due to the fact that eGiftcards have a high value on the DW because it can be exchanged for btc and therefore was the most bought online product with stolen money/CC/PP. So obviously the security to card an eGiftcard has been lifted to the utmost extreme. Having said that, its still possible because it is still available to be purchased, just very hard and you're system needs to be perfect.
Id like to break the levels of security down to 3 levels:
 
Level 1 - Easy = Everything that cant be exchanged for BTC online. Food, clothing, software etc
 
Tools:
- VPN / RDP , CC with Name, ZIP.
 
Level 2 - Moderate = Things that can be sold online but there's a risk. Electronics, hardware, some e-wallets etc.
 
Tools:
- VPN / RDP , Clean Socks5, CC with Name, ZIP, Address, Maybe DoB/SSN, AD / FraudFox.
 
Level 3 - Hard =  Real money, Bitcoin, eGiftcards, Popular e-wallets (Paypal, Skrill, Webmoney, ecopayz etc etc) -  All the things that is directly link to money which doesnt lose value.
 
Tools:
- VPN / RDP , Clean Socks5, Complete Fullz with CC details, Name, ZIP, Address, DoB/SSN, Acc Number, Sort code / route number, Anti Detect / FraudFox, User agent, Cookies, VBV bypass/Password, Certain BINS, VMware, Kali Linux - Optional. In addition you would most likely also need Fake ID's and documents.
 
 
We will concentrate on carding up to level 2 for now as a basis and then in a separate guide ill explain level 3 carding.
 
Setting up for your session
 
1. Identify your target. Pick an item at a shop which will ship your product as soon as possible without too many security and verification steps. You want to get that item at your drop before the cardholder / Bank charge back. I will add a few lists of sites which is cardable:
https://KapteinV-protonmail.tinytake.com/sf/MTgwMzQwOV81ODcyNDk5
https://KapteinV-protonmail.tinytake.com/sf/MTc1MTYyMV81NzY1NTMw
https://KapteinV-protonmail.tinytake.com/sf/MTc0MjMwNF81NzQ3NDkw
 
 
2. Find the correct card / BIN for your product. Say we will be carding the Samsung S8 @ $600. We will need a moderate to high quality card like a Premier, Gold, Platinum non vbv card or alternatively, my favorite - High Level Fullz. Fullz contains DoB, SSN / ID, Account Number and route/sort code. This information is enough to reset most VBV / 3Dsecure codes!! Especially the UK Cards and some USA. Lately Hawaiian Mastercards are easy to do! Good sites to find CC / Fullz :
Mastercvv.ru - CC
Cvv2finder.com \96 CC
Mirashop.biz - Fullz
 
Then the most important step of your whole session is to check the card to see if its live and to see if there's balance. The best checkers, including balance checker are found in cvv2finder.com. It does cost A LOT, but I suggest you team up with someone you trust and buy these checkers. If you really cannot afford it, then its okay and definitely not the end of the road for your carding dreams. You will maybe just have a bit more hickups and headaches.
 
The best investment I ever made was to get a balance checker. I realized a frightening reality after conducting an experiment. The experiment was that I bought 10 cards at a time from DW autoshops, checked them all to see if they were live. I then took the live ones and check the balances on that! This is what I found:
- Average of 5 cards were live.
- From the 5 live cards, only 1 had a significant balance of more or less $1000.
= This means that only 1/10 cards found on the DW, can actually be carded.
 
This experiment was done over and over maybe 20 times and those are the averages i determined.
 
It is very important to know the balance as you will most likely fail if you dont! Its an instant flag if you try to card a $600 item whilst there is only $80 on the card. Surely the real owner would have known he cannot card $600 with his broke ass. Payment processors, banks and other financial security tools are very smart!! Remember that.
 
3. Now that you have your target site and product, with a live card with sufficient funds on, you can start setting up your system. You need to basically configure / spoof your setup to adapt the identity and location of your cardholder / accountholder. You must make the payment processor believe that you are the owner of the card! Here is what you do:
 
a) Clean your PC to remove all traces of your own existence. - Run CCleaner first and thereafter Bleachbit. It will clear all your cookies, cache, history and other traces.
https://ccleaner-portable.en.softonic.com/download
https://www.bleachbit.org/
 
b) Use a VPN or RDP to protect yourself. This is for defense as a VPN encrypts all packets sent aswell as changing your location and this would make it very hard or almost impossible to trace you. a RDP will allow you to connect to another PC somewhere else in the world and wont connect your own PC to the crime. Use an area in the same country as victim. Since this is only for defense, it doesn't have to be in the same city/state. Pick the most stable and fastest server in the country. Choose any of the following:
https://www.top10vpn.com/top10/?v=2&bsid=bndse1kw001&gclid=EAIaIQobChMInLnxxd2t1QIVorztCh0prAPHEAAYAiAAEgJd2fD_BwE
 
c) Now you have options and you need to use your discretion to determine the best possible way. The options are:
- Use VMware / Vbox to card on a Virtual computer instead of your own. For defense and offense!
- Use your own PC and browser.
- Use your own PC with Anti Detect/ Fraudfox browser. These browsers should be used if you have the recent user agent of the victim. You can then setup your system to look exactly like the victims setup.
 
4. Whichever way you chose to go, step 4 is your most important offensive step!! SOCKS5 proxies! Many people are debating about the best socks and where to get etc... In my opinion I say that it doesn't matter where you get your socks, as long as its clean!!
However if I have to mention some decent socks suppliers, here you go:
premsocks.com
seproxysoft.com
Truesocks.net
isocks.pw
unlimited-socks.com
vip72.com (Debatable - For advanced users)
 
You can use several methods and tools to connect with a proxy. The 2 most used ways are through Firefox Preferences or Proxifier. If you are new to carding the I suggest you simply use firefox browser to connect as Proxifier can be complicated. Here is how you connect with Firefox in my quick picture filled tuto:
https://KapteinV-protonmail.tinytake.com/sf/MTgwMjM0M181ODcwMTA0
 
Use http://www.ip-score.com/checkip/ or http://check2ip.com/ to see if your proxy is not listed on any blacklist due to previous fraud committed while using that proxy. Once you find a proxy in the area (Within 50km/30miles) of the account holder and the IP is clean, then you can carry on to step 5.
 
 
5. Now you must have your VPN/RDP as a base with your Socks5 proxy connected on top, your IP should be the proxy you are using.
Go to https://whoer.net and make sure that:
- IP is in same country than the DNS.
- Your time corresponds with the real time in the City of your victim. Simply change your timezone.
- Your proxy must have an adress with a ZIP and not be blank or N/A.
- Check whoer.net where they show your anonymity rating in %. It will explain to you what is still wrong and how to fix it. 90% is okay, depending on your setup and whether you are going with Javascript on or off (AD or Not).  
 
In summary , I have made a pic with pointers on what you should be checking for:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Carding the site
 
There is no definite method that will work across the net on every site and item. As mentioned in the beginning, there are many different security systems in sites and processors and a method can work on one site, but not on another.
 
You need to study and experiment over and over again on the site you want to card and determine exactly what makes you fail and what makes you succeed. That\92s the only way unfortunately because of the following secret I am going to tell you:
All these guides on how to card certain websites, DOES NOT WORK 100% ANYMORE! Its most of the time a valid method that has been exploited by the carders already and it is already saturated or patched up and if its not, then it will soon be. No-one will give their working method away to the world because if it\92s that valuable to them to bring in thousands of dollars daily, why would they get it saturated  by selling it for less than $5 in most cases\85
 
I however do not card for a living and if I do find a working method, then I share it immediately because it attracts long term valuable customers. So my guides on specific sites you can trust.
 
I will now explain briefly how you to card websites in general. Some points wont be required and there might be some extra things to do at other places. But in general this will work as follow:
 
1. Choose the site you want to card
2. Get an appropriate Card/PayPal to card the site
3. Start your VPN or RDP in the same country as your CARD (Not as site)
4. Connect with socks 5 closest to the card / account owner. In USA it has to be close or Inside the same City , but for the rest of the world you can get away with just getting socks in the same country. However always try to go as close as possible.
5. Get an email address at a popular provider like gmail, yahoo, aol, Hotmail etc.
6. Get a phone number with the area code as close as possible to owner of card. Some sites allow you to use virtual phone numbers but other don\92t. You can get virtual phone numbers at textnow.com / Googlevoice. Real numbers you can get at Verizon (You can get hacked Verizon accounts)
7. Register an account at the site with your card owner\92s details and new email and phone numbers for verification. Always try to verify as much information as you can.
8. After registration you should do a final check on your setup to assure that everything is 100%. You should check your IP if its in the desired location and not blacklisted. Clean your PC with the cleaner apps and finally setup your browser / AD /Fraudfox to spoof the user agent IF you have this info.
9. If the above was all done then you can proceed to go buy the item of your choice with your fake account. This is straight forward normal buying procedure as if you are the owner of the card. Any person can buy something online (.